https://chatgpt.com/share/47e55b07-67b5-40d6-8681-80cd8cec999e
go through this link I asked all doubts here 

1) what is Emmet? 
 Emmet is a popular toolkit for web developers that provides a set of tools and shortcuts to improve productivity.
 It is especially useful for quickly writing HTML and CSS code. Emmet works by expanding abbreviations into full-fledged code snippets.
 once refer chatgpt to know more

2) about cdn? 
 A CDN (Content Delivery Network) is a system of distributed servers that deliver web content to users based on 
 their geographic location,improving performance and relability. CDNs cache content closer to users, reducing load 
 times and server strain, providing scalability, and enhancing security. Using a CDN offers advantages like faster 
 content delivery, load balancing, and cost efficiency compared to directly downloading from a single server.

3)what is crossorigin in script tag?  
 A crossorigin is a request for a resource (eg stylesheets,images,font) from another domain 

4)why 2 CDN links are embedded in the code?
 First one is react.development.js which contains core react functions and code
 second one is react-dom.development.js which is for DOM manipulations this file is kind of a bridge between react and browser.

5)React developed by?
 Developers of facebook

6)Why DOM manipulation is costly? and concept of virtual DOM?
 without using react while performing DOM manipulation the change in DOM tree are made directly which 
 leads to high computational cost,inefficent  and error performance.

 To overcome this problem react uses a concept called virtual DOM: whenever there is a need for changes in DOM tree
 react copies a virtual DOM perform DOM operations on and carefully manipulate DOM tree with least cost possible.


7)is order of script files is mandatory?
 yes, order of script files is mandatory for suppose if i placed app.js script tag before 2 cdn react tags it throws error
 because the react functions are not rendered yet

8)library vs framework?
 Library can work in a small  part of an application unlike framework
 frameworks needs to be used in a fullfledged manner in overall application
 react can be used in existing web application 
 we can insert small part or feature using react